[STUDENTS chatter]
How did your mock exam go?
Pretty well, I'd say.
[KONO] I've had fun this year,
but I've also studied a lot.
Such is the life of a senior.
When I get home,
I review my lessons
and old exam questions.
In my spare time,
I memorize vocabulary
and formulas.
Though my daily grind is tough,
I do have a singular reprieve.
And that's reading manga!
The highlight of my whole week.
Aah!
[KONO]
He's a double agent?
But, how?
I never even saw it coming!
Boy,
did this slice-of-life chapter
take a turn!
You're killing me!
[groans]
Next week can't come
soon enough!
[STUDENTS chatter]
-[rustling]
-[zipping]
Mm. [giggles]
[AYASAKI]
Someone's sure in a good mood!
[chuckles]
[KONO]
I'm happy to be heading home!
Konoha's new chapter!
-Um, pardon me.
-Hm?
Did the latest Weekly Shinobi
come in today?
Uh, yeah.
We sold out of it
a few minutes ago.
[whimpers]
[MALE EMPLOYEE 207A]
Want to backorder one?
Uh-uh.
[KONO] Convenience stores
always sell out on release day,
but even the bookstore
didn't have
Konoha's new chapter.
Why?
After thinking
about Konoha all day,
I might just die
from this disappointment!
[YANAGI]
Huh? That you, Kono?
[gasps]
Oh! Yep! It sure is!
Hey there.
[KONO]
He witnessed my cringiness.
So, you came here
for the latest Weekly Shinobi?
Hm? Are you psychic
or something?
Don't I wish!
I heard you say
"Konoha's new chapter."
-And you sounded upset.
-Ah!
[KONO]
How embarrassing.
[YANAGI]
Um, you can have mine,
-if you'd like.
-[gasps]
[YANAGI] Hasn't even been
cracked open yet.
[gasps] I can't.
Why?
If you're fretting
because you're worried about me,
please don't.
I'll be fine.
Doubt I would've bought it
if it hadn't been the last copy.
I just came in here
to kill some time
until my bus arrives.
There are lots of bookstores
near the station by my house.
-They can't all be sold out.
-[awed]
Sorry to cut this short,
but I should go
before I miss my bus.
Wow! Thanks a million!
I'll pay you back
first thing tomorrow!
You are so cool.
And kind.
The way you helped me out,
you're just like Kaoru!
♪
Thank you very much. [chuckles]
[KONO]
Awkward!
Did comparing him
to one of the characters
rub him the wrong way?
Why'd I even open my mouth?
♪
[YANAGI] I remind her
of a fictional lady!
Did she say that
because she thinks
I'm effeminate?
Oh, man.
[KONO] I weirded him out
with silly fangirl nonsense.
But...
[KONO] I guess Yanagi's a fan
in his own right.
-[footsteps]
-[YANAGI] Kono!
Huh? Ah! Yanagi.
Going to the bookstore,
-I take it?
-Mm-hm!
[KONO, YANAGI]
It's Weekly Shinobi release day
today!
[KONO, YANAGI chuckle]
[KONO] Konoha's been
so exciting lately.
I can't put it down!
[YANAGI]
I can't blame you.
Normally, I'll wait
for the full book publication.
But once I read a manga
in a magazine,
patience gives way to curiosity.
[KONO] Every time!
Talk about an odd pair.
[FEMALE STUDENTS laugh]
[KONO]
Haven't heard that in a while!
No one makes those comments
when I'm with Hori's group.
-Maybe arm's length?
-[YANAGI gasps]
Are you upset with me?
[KONO]
No! Not at all!
It's just, uh...
When I'm by you,
girls get jealous.
They just can't fathom
why on earth
you'd spend time with me.
[chuckles]
Hm?
And why is that?
[KONO] Because you're cool,
and I'm not.
[YANAGI]
"Cool"?
-[AYASAKI whines]
-Huh.
Remi got a nasty paper cut!
Try thinking
about something fun.
Like how school gets out
early today!
Yay! [giggles]
[KONO]
It's gone now.
Don't cry
over a harmless little bug.
I'm not crying.
But, it's really gone?
You're sure?
You're cooler than me by far.
[KONO]
Wait. What?
You're not serious, are you?
Because I think
everyone would agree
you're way cooler.
No,
I'd definitely want you around
if I got hurt or scared.
[whimpers]
How is that relevant?
[KONO] It doesn't detract
from his coolness,
but he is strange.
[YANAGI]
Paper cuts stink.
[KONO]
And I'd rather be described
with other adjectives,
anyway, like...
Cute would be nice.
[KONO]
I noticed
you haven't been wearing
your glasses lately.
[YANAGI]
Yeah.
They don't look all that good
on me.
So, I've switched to contacts.
[KONO]
I bet everything looks stunning
on that gorgeous face!
If I had a different style,
I might wear them more often.
Maybe I'll check out frames
after the bookstore.
[KONO] His delicate features
make mine look so homely!
More than usual.
[YANAGI] You're welcome
to go along with me.
Huh? Go where?
To look at new frames.
New frames? Huh?
You really want me along?
Yes. If you aren't busy,
of course.
No! I'll come!
[KONO]
He asked so casually.
Who could possibly turn down
such a charming invitation?
Hm? Hey.
I just thought
of a funny coincidence.
Hm?
Not that it means something,
but our names
are kinds of trees.
Right? "Yanagi" and "Sakura."
[KONO]
Huh?
♪
[KONO]
No more!
[YANAGI]
Kono, wait!
Why are you running?
Do you think
they're going to sell out?
[KONO]
Everything does look stunning.
Boy meets girl, boy likes girl,
then boy and girl swap bodies!
Ooh, I know that plotline.
Yeah,
I read this novel ages ago!
It is such a page-turner!
-Uh, excuse me?
-What's it called?
-I'm Her and She's Me.
-Posture, Yoshikawa.
Has a TV show and everything.
Huh?
That's first I've heard of it.
[YOSHIKAWA]
What if Hori and Miyamura
swapped bodies?
Toru,
pull your head out of your butt
and talk sense!
Aw, come on.
-Aw!
-[ISHIKAWA] Did she break?
[SENGOKU]
Hey!
Someone left their pencil case
back in the council room.
Huh? Shu, most likely.
Missing pencil case.
[laughs] Classic Ishikawa!
[sighs] Pipe down.
-You're annoyingly loud.
-[cackling]
-What the heck?
-[AYASAKI] Oh, Sengoku!
-Hm?
[AYASAKI]
There you are!
We found the owner.
It's one of the second-years
on next year's council.
[AYASAKI] Remi's relieved
we figured it out.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Huh?
You'll find Sakura
in line for the cake buffet!
Cram school before we eat cake.
[sighs]
[giggling]
Is she okay, do you think?
[ISHIKAWA]
She's been in la-la land
for a hot minute now.
Just leave her be.
I was laughing
'cause Hori switched
with you-know-who,
then Remi and Kono
-did the same thing!
-I'm not your punching bag.
[gasps]
I'm excited
for the cooking class today!
-Ay, that's what's up, bro?
-Ooh, yes!
[ISHIKAWA]
What is this?
-[gasps]
-Huh?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Trading places gets tricky
when nature calls.
And what about baths?
Come back, Yoshikawa.
Join the sane side.
What about the restroom, though?
[ISHIKAWA]
The restroom? What about it?
It's rough on your kidneys
if you hold it in too long.
Just go when you got to go.
This question's more complex
than you comprehend.
[ISHIKAWA]
Say what?
Don't you ever call me Kyoko,
'cause it would be creepy
and uncomfortable.
-[YOSHIKAWA] Kyoko. Kyoko!
-[cringing]
We're here for homework,
not to goof off,
so I'm going to go buy
some report paper.
Have a good trip.
While you're there,
get some pencil lead!
-[HORI] Okay!
-[door sliding]
Huh?
[slams]
[YOSHIKAWA] I forgot to ask
for more red pens!
[gasps]
Aah.
-[thudding]
-[whimpers]
I didn't think anyone else
was in here with me.
Oh. Um, well.
-I'm sorry.
-No harm done.
I just walked in
as Hori was leaving.
[YOSHIKAWA]
This book is cold.
-[YANAGI] Huh?
-Ah...
I was just talking to mysel--
[breathes]
It feels that way
because your hands are warm.
[whimpers]
[YOSHIKAWA]
When the back of his knuckles
brushed mine,
I realized just how cold
Yanagi's hands are.
-[footsteps]
-[ISHIKAWA] Hm?
Yo. Do you finish your report?
-[gasps] Huh?
-[YOSHIKAWA] My hands are cold.
Real cold! Super-duper-cold!
Huh?
-[gasps]
-Feel warm enough to me.
Then again, I'm freezing.
Hey! That was not an invitation
to get grabby!
Huh?
You are such a pain!
-What'd you expect me to do?
-[YOSHIKAWA muffled]
[grunts]
At least Yanagi's gentle
when he touches me,
unlike somebody!
Are you invoking
a "no touchie" rule with me?
That isn't even close
to what I said!
-You're such a pain!
-Be gentle!
Like, why is that?
You are giving me
the biggest headache right now!
-Not even kidding!
-[YOSHIKAWA] Wait!
I thought you were kidding,
Toru!
-[sighs]
-So are you warm enough yet?
[YOSHIKAWA] Mm-hm.
Warm, but very exhausted.
Because you wrote that report.
You can hit the hay
as soon as you get home.
Wanna hold hands?
Not a chance.
I doubt
I'll ever understand you.
[YOSHIKAWA]
Toru's hands are cold, too.
But they warm up pretty quick
when he's with me.
[ISHIKAWA]
Miyamura, you heading out?
[MIYAMURA]
Yeah.
I got to make a stop
at the store.
-See ya.
-[ISHIKAWA] Peace.
[flutters]
[footsteps]
Man, it's cold.
Huh? Uh...
[footsteps]
♪
This yours?
[rustles]
-[thuds]
-[gasps]
[MIYAMURA]
No. For real?
Sawada.
Is there a possibility
that you don't have friends?
[SAWADA]
Why?
That was a yes or no question.
Will you say whether or not
you're being bullied
by other students, at least?
I won't stand here
and force you to talk,
but it seemed to me
those kids on the second floor
threw your scarf out the window.
If that's what happened,
walk over to me.
Well, all right then.
[breathes deeply]
♪
[SAWADA gasps]
Did you say something to them?
[MIYAMURA]
Who, me?
I didn't say a single word.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207C] He mouthed
"Rot in hell, ugly cows!"
[FEMALE STUDENT 207C] Who does
that nosey nobody think he is?
[MIYAMURA]
So,
you are being bullied
to some extent.
Hm...
At first, I thought we just had
a difference of opinion.
Then, out of nowhere,
they started ignoring me.
[MIYAMURA]
Sounds about right.
You act like you know
how it feels,
but someone
with your friend group
could never relate!
♪
It just took time.
It's not like I went around
begging each of them
to be my friend.
Keep your chin up.
Things'll get better.
If those idiots
are going to ignore you,
ignore them right back.
Know why?
Because the ones with any brains
will be begging
to be your friends eventually.
And you'll be the winner.
But, does winning
even have a point?
I figured you'd want to win.
I don't care!
[sighs]
Oh, I forgot to tell you
that I stepped on your scarf.
-[grumbling]
-[MIYAMURA] Ow! Stop!
-It was an accident!
-[shouts]
[FEMALE STUDENT 207E]
Sawada's, like,
-really tight with the seniors.
-Huh?
Guess her classmates
aren't as fun to talk to
as the older kids are.
Yeah,
I bet that's what she thinks.
-So stuck-up.
-Ah.
She's right behind us.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207E]
Yikes!
[footsteps]
[SAWADA]
Why's that an issue?
It's not that I don't want
to get along with them.
It's that I don't really know
how to go about it.
So, simply being in class
makes me self-conscious.
This wind is crazy!
-Slow down, Remi!
-[AYASAKI] I know that hair!
-Ah.
-[door slams]
-[wind whooshing]
-So chilly!
It's too cold up here
on this breezeway, Sawada.
Come in where it's warm!
[door creaking]
What were you doing out there?
Do you think I'm weird?
-Mm...
-Huh?
Well, duh.
-[whimpers]
-[gasps]
But being kind of weird
is awesome.
Huh?
Did something happen?
-Not exactly, no.
-Just think,
if you're on the weird side
of the spectrum...
[YOSHIKAWA, AYASAKI]
What does that make this girl?
Huh?
Here!
This candy will cheer you up!
Stag beetle candy
tastes like stag beetles, too!
Please don't feel obligated
to accept it.
[SAWADA]
Huh? Oh! Um...
No, I want to try them.
[AYASAKI]
A-ha! The power of stag beetles!
[YOSHIKAWA]
Said no one besides you.
Apart from being weird,
do you think
I'm a little too "tight"
with you seniors?
[YOSHIKAWA]
Maybe, but why's that an issue?
[sighs]
'Cause I don't really have
people I'd consider "friends".
In my own grade.
Oh, I can see why that's rough.
Every class
has to incorporate group work.
And girls form cliques so fast.
[SAWADA]
Yeah! They do!
-[YOSHIKAWA] Mm-hm.
-In a nutshell,
that's what it is.
[sighs]
Sawada, does the friend thing
stem from classroom drama?
Are you okay?
Well, it's difficult,
but I'm powering through!
Yeah?
Yeah.
You can vent anytime!
We'll listen
to whatever you have to say!
Hearing you out
is about all we can do
since we aren't in your class,
but it's better than nothing,
right?
Pour your heart out!
[SAWADA]
Thank you so much!
Mm-hm. Up for sampling
some drone beetle chocolate?
-Tastes like drone beetles!
-Ah?
Please don't feel obligated
to accept it.
[SAWADA]
I'm not really comfortable
in my class.
But, school's not all that bad.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207G]
Any suggestions
for where to post this?
I'd say the bulletin board,
if we'd thought
to reserve any space.
-Welp.
-[thuds]
-Shimoda!
-[SHIMODA] Uh...
Do you know of any free spots?
On bulletin boards?
[SHIMODA] Yeah. There's one
at the main entrance.
We'll endure the wrath
of the third-years
if we post there!
-[SHIMODA] Really?
-[SAWADA] Recruiting for clubs
seems like quite the challenge.
-I never knew 'til now.
-[giggles]
Then guess what happened.
-[grunts
-[SENGOKU] Sawada?
[SENGOKU] So you were trying
to fix that poster?
Technically, it's supposed
to fit within the frame.
Oh, this must be the thumbtack
that fell out.
I'm sure.
They couldn't push far enough
into the hardwood.
[SAWADA]
Hey, listen.
That poster?
It belongs to some girls I know.
My frie-- fellow?
Yeah, my fellow classmates
hand-painted
that sign themselves!
Said they're having trouble
recruiting.
They made it big in order
to catch people's attention,
I think.
So, um...
Maybe you could leave it
where it is?
[SENGOKU]
It's coming down.
But I'm going to need a chair.
Want to grab one
from the home ec room?
It's right over there.
[SENGOKU]
Is it even unlocked?
[grunts]
-[SAWADA] I'll take it down!
-[grunts]
[SAWADA]
Stand aside, Prez!
Yeah, right!
You can't reach it, either!
[humming] Mm?
[SAWADA]
Don't move, this is scary!
[YOSHIKAWA] They look
like a family on their day off.
-Stay strong, Sengoku.
-Remi will take the pushpins.
There! It's off!
-Now let me down.
-Uh?
[AYASAKI]
Nice teamwork, you guys!
Next stop! [giggles]
[SAWADA]
What next stop?
Where are you taking me?
We're done!
Mission accomplished!
You're heavy.
Then hurry and let me go!
Here we are! [giggles]
[grunts]
Huh? [gasps]
[SAWADA]
The main entrance.
May I see the sign?
I'll post it.
[SAWADA]
What?
Yes, its size is eye-catching,
but what good does that do
if it's in a secluded spot?
Let's move that one
to the right.
-Mm-hm.
-And then, these, too.
There should be space.
Mm?
I thought this bulletin board
was off-limits
to us second-years.
Why's that?
Well, because third-years are
the only ones who ever use it.
The main entrance
is a shared space.
We won't get in trouble
for using this board?
[SENGOKU]
Of course not!
I guess
we need to make our own sign
that clarifies
all students can post here
no matter their year.
[SENGOKU] Nice.
♪
[gasps]
Now every student
coming through those doors
will be sure to see it.
Hope it gets some people
to check out their club!
-Remi-Remi-senpai!
-[AYASAKI] Ooh!
[SAWADA]
You're the absolute best!
-[SAWADA] Sengoku!
-Ah!
Mm...
Thank you.
Anytime.
-Oh. You want some candy?
-[giggles]
Not right now.
[AYASAKI] How about
some stag beetle chocolate?
That's for sure.
Tell me about it.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207H]
Hey, Sawada?
Mm? Huh?
So, is it true?
Did you really take
our poster down,
and then rehang it
on a whole other board?
Shimoda said he saw you do it
two days ago,
after school let out.
[SAWADA]
He saw me?
Um, okay.
Signs can't overlap
the bulletin board's frame,
and yours did,
so I moved it somewhere
it wouldn't break any rules.
Except it wasn't even my idea.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207H]
A first-year came by
to check out the club.
[gasps]
[FEMALE STUDENT 207H]
But that's the only bite
-we've gotten so far.
-[FEMALE STUDENT 207G] Still!
That was our first first-year
to show interest!
[FEMALE STUDENT 207H]
I was, like, "What?"
when they said
they saw the poster.
[laughs]
And I was really glad, too.
Thanks for your help, Sawada.
I hope the next one
who sees it actually joins.
-Mm.
-Mm-hm.
[FEMALE STUDENT 207G]
Oh, before I forget!
Uh?
Is it also true that you rode
on the student council
president's shoulders
-to get around the school?
-[SAWADA] Ah!
No! Well...
I mean yes, that did happen.
[STUDENT 207H] So the leader
of the student body
is your minion-slash-vehicle
of choice?
No way!
[STUDENT 207G]
And you're related
to that third-year
with piercings?
[SAWADA]
All lies!